# PoSzkole
## Table of contents
* [General information](#general-information)
	* [Role description](#role-description)
	* [Functionalities](#functionalities) 
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Security information](#security-information)
* [API documentation](#api-documentation)
* [Plans for future](#plans-for-future)

## General information
This application is dedicated to people and small businesses providing private lessons. Thanks to this solution, it's possible to solve main problems associated with running this kind of business like payment management, personal data management and lessons scheduling. The users of this application are categorized into three main roles: Teachers, Parents and Students. Each of these roles has its own, dedicated functionalities that helps them to cope with common issues and optimize whole business process.

### Role description
* Teacher - this is the main actor of whole application. Teachers are able to create new Students and Parents accounts and link them together. They can also create new Lesson Groups, manage them (e.g. add Students), create new Lessons linked to these Lesson Groups and manage these Lessons. Each Teacher account has its own Timetable which contains data of every Lesson which are automaticlly assigned to proper day of the week (represented by date) after being created. Teachers are also able to manage personal data of Parents and Students.
* Student - this role is associated with every account belonging to student of the "school". Actually Students accounts are only able to check data of their Lesson Groups, Lessons linked with their Lesson Groups, Parents linked with them and Teachers which are linked to Lesson Groups they belong to.
* Parent - this role acquire each account which belong to legal guardian of a child being also a Student. Parents can be linked to many Students, while Student can be linked only to one Parent. Parents are able to check detailed data about their Students (same data as Student is allowed to see) and in addition they can see the data about Payments generated by their students taking part in Lessons. Parents can see an accumulated debt coming from unrealized Payments and their Wallet which can be top up by money and automaticlly cover unrealized Payments.
* Admin - this role is devided to Teachers. Administrators can create Teachers Accounts and have access to whole data of the application. They are able to delete other accounts.

### Functionalities


## Technologies
* Java 17
* Spring Boot 2.7.4
* Spring Data
* Spring Security
* Project Lombok
* MySQL
* JUnit 5
* Mockito

## Tools
* IntelliJ IDEA
* Postman
* Swagger

## Security information

## Api documentation


### 

## Plans for future
* **Mailbox** - this functionality will provide internal mailbox which would be used for comunication mainly between teachers and students. This functionality will also allow teachers to handle homeworks and additional study materials. (The template of this functionality already exists in project, but haven't been completly implemented yet.)
* **Homeworks** - this functionality will provide possibility of handling homeworks to students by teachers and to send solutions of these homeworks by students in text or by uploading graphic files. (The template of this functionality already exists in project, but haven't been completly implemented yet.)
* **Keyclock** - actual authentication process is provided by Basic Auth. It's outdated solution, so there is a need to provide authentication by different identity and access management solution like Keycloak.
* **Notifications** - this functionality will allow application to inform parents and students by email or SMS about canceled or rescheduled lessons, unpaid lessons, too high debt on parents account.
* **Business Inteligence / Statistics panel** - this functionality will provide the possibility of controlling 
